[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[cyberduck.Azure]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Azure.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Azure.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Archive]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Archive.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Archive.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Bookmark]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Bookmark.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Bookmark.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Browser]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Browser.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Browser.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Command]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Command.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Command.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Configuration]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Configuration.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Configuration.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Connection]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Connection.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Connection.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Crash]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Crash.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Crash.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Credentials]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Credentials.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Credentials.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Donate]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Donate.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Donate.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Duplicate]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Duplicate.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Duplicate.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Error]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Error.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Error.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.File]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/File.strings
source_file = en.lproj/File.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Folder]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Folder.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Folder.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Goto]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Goto.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Goto.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Info]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Info.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Info.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.InfoPlist]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/InfoPlist.strings
source_file = en.lproj/InfoPlist.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Keychain]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Keychain.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Keychain.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.License]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/License.strings
source_file = en.lproj/License.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Localizable]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Localizable.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Localizable.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Login]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Login.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Login.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Main]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Main.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Main.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Mosso]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Mosso.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Mosso.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Preferences]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Preferences.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Preferences.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Prompt]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Prompt.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Prompt.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Status]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Status.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Status.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.S3]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/S3.strings
source_file = en.lproj/S3.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.ServicesMenu]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/ServicesMenu.strings
source_file = en.lproj/ServicesMenu.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Transfer]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Transfer.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Transfer.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Download]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Download.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Download.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Support]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Support.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Support.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Alert]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Alert.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Alert.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Sftp]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Sftp.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Sftp.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.Cryptomator]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/Cryptomator.strings
source_file = en.lproj/Cryptomator.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.SDS]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/SDS.strings
source_file = en.lproj/SDS.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

[cyberduck.EUE]
file_filter = <lang>.lproj/EUE.strings
source_file = en.lproj/EUE.strings
source_lang = en
type = STRINGS

